recieve from env the number off group size to sent to whatsapp API (#1296)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/docs/self-hosting/configuration.mdx

| WHATSAPP_PREVIEW_TEMPLATE_NAME        |                            | The preview start template message name                 |
| WHATSAPP_PREVIEW_TEMPLATE_LANG        | en_US                      | The preview start template message name                 |
| WHATSAPP_CLOUD_API_URL                | https://graph.facebook.com | The WhatsApp Cloud API base URL                         |

> | WHATSAPP_INTERACTIVE_GROUP_SIZE       | 3                          | The array size off itens to send to API on choice input |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WHATSAPP_INTERACTIVE_GROUP_SIZE       | 3                          | The array size of items to send to API on choice input. You can't choose a number higher than 3 if you are using the official cloud API URL.  |
```
